CHANGELOG: SQL database restructured with all results in a single table (replacing separate tables for each category and round). Database schema modified to separate category ('m' or 'f') from the round (now 'qualification1', 'qualification2', 'semifinal' and 'final'). General settings such as the competition ID, the currently active round and the update counters now located in restructured table entitled 'settings'. The basic schema is now much simpler, i.e.

CREATE TABLE "results" (category text, round text, name text, countrycode text, climberID integer, startnumber integer, qranking integer, battempts1 integer, tattempts1 integer, battempts2 integer, tattempts2 integer, battempts3 integer, tattempts3 integer, battempts4 integer, tattempts4 integer, battempts5 integer, tattempts5 integer, T integer, Ta integer, B integer, Ba integer, Rk integer, ORk integer);
CREATE TABLE 'settings' (compID integer, round text, status integer, m_countback text, f_countback text, m_count integer, f_count integer);

In-database counters to determine whether any result has been changed are now updated automatically within the database via SQL 'triggers' and do not require separate message passing from the the displays.

CHANGELOG: Results Display - All of the hand-written animation code has been deleted and replaced by a call to the jquery.isotope library. The isotope library offers better performance and is more likely to be maintainable than the original bespoke code. Library references have been updated to version 1.4. 

CHANGELOG: Added '-webkit-font-smoothing: subpixel-antialiased;' to display .css in order to force similar font display across windows/mac systems.
CHANGELOG: Results display code modified for refactored SQL database structure.
CHANGELOG: Tablet interface code modified for refactored SQL database structure.
CHANGELOG: Mobile interface code modified for refactored SQL database structure.

TODO : Replace the setinterval() call in *.html by a Server Sent Event mechanic. This would involve (a)  deleting the setinterval() call in its entirety (b) replacing the $.ajax call within collection::update() by a call to $.eventSource(). Look at the decoupling of collection.update() and view.sort()...

TODO : Update to v0.5.x of backbone.js - Checks require (from the backbone release notes) re. "Upgrading to 0.5.0+ We've taken the opportunity to clarify some naming with the 0.5.0 release. Controller is now Router, and refresh is now reset. The previous saveLocation and setLocation functions have been replaced by navigate. Backbone.sync's method signature has changed to allow the passing of arbitrary options to jQuery.ajax. Be sure to opt-in to pushState support, if you want to use it."

